<h1>This README goes through my debugging throughout this challenge.</h1>
<br>
<p><h2>Task 1</h2></p>
<p>In Task 1, I was challeged to create a shape using a for loop. In doing so, I was required to critically think about the position, size and dimensions of the shape. I ended up doing a square, not only for simplicity, but because the square had equal sides (100 units) and I drew it on the starting place.</p>
<p><h2>Task 2</h2></p>
<p>In Task 2, I was challenged to create at least 10 shapes I created in Task 1. To do so, I needed to create a nested for loop and move the shape every time so the shapes do not overlap each other fully each time and stay in the same position. Before this, however, I needed to move the cursor away from the first shape, hence why I used t.up() and t.down(), so there would be a more seamless transition between moving the turtle and drawing shapes. I was required to critically think about each and every aspect of how the turtle moves and how to use that in a loop.</p>
<p><h2>Task 3</h2></p>
<p>In Task 2, I was challenged to count the amount of times the turtle turned. To do so, I added a counter variable, turnCount, added added one to turnCount every time the turtle made a 90 degree turn in each for loop. Once the turtle was finished drawing, I returned this variable. Some critical thinking skills I used were where I iterated (after the rotation, inside the for loop) and checking whether the value returned was correct.</p>
<p><h2>Extension 1</h2></p>
<p>In Extension 1, I was required to use another loop to determine a new factor in the inner loop previously used. To do this, I changed the rotation angle for each shape drawn in the inner loop by adding 4*i (the outer loop iteration variable) to each 50 for each rotation angle in the inner loop, making each shape drawn differently due to the angle being used. To do this, I needed to critically think about how each shape was drawn, what changing the angle did to a shape, and how different each shape was.</p>
<p><h2>Extension 2</h2></p>
<p>In Extension 2, I was required to make a random amount of shapes between 1 and 15. To do so, in the for loop, I made the iteration value go to a random number between 1 and 15. Using Java, that was (int) (Math.random() * ((15-1) + 1)). This looped through and created dispersed squares between 1 and 15 times. I thought critically about spacing, how to use Math.random() efficiently (because it only generates a value between 0 and 1, so I wanted to alter the range and make sure it was an integer), and how to add new things to an already existing function.</p>